---
layout: post
title: POC
---

The first thing I'm going to do is as simple of a proof-of-concept as possible. I'm going to use an existing game engine to keep my coding as focused on the supply chain side of things as possible. After reviewing a few options, [Phaser](https://phaser.io/) seems like the choice best suited to this game.

One of the things I don't enjoy about many games is how games often rely on many clicks and clicking quickly. Instead of controlling individual characters or entities, I'd like users to be able to control the strategy used by a set of entities. For example, clicking on a delivery truck would bring up the GUI for setting the overall strategy for delivery trucks vs the controls for one particular truck.

The POC will include the opening day for our bakery. The player will be able to decide how many loaves of bread to bake each morning for a week. Customers will come in to the store to buy bread. The items needed to bake bread will be automatically restocked for the POC.

The number of customers who buy bread will be somewhat random. A percentage of customers will turn into repeat customers. A birds-eye-view of the bakery will be visible as will customers.

The next step will be the ability for the bakery to sell loaves to stores. When a store orders from the bakers, the bakers will have to use delivery trucks to delivery the loaves.

Items that a player can click on to perform an action will be visually identified somehow. There will also be opportunities for the player to click on items that reveal information. For example, if a player clicks on a loaf, the recipe for bread will be shown. The idea is to have plenty of things for the player to explore and learn from while having a clear visually identifiable set of choices for game actions.

As the game unfolds a narrative of what happened will be created. This narrative will be accessible by the player. I plan, initially, to make the narrative simple prose, but in the future balance sheets will be included.
